very visible very silly gan-chan inched
our hopefuls than we are oh I'm gonna
speaking Portuguese that's fine cuz it's
usually so this is Rachel sangini how
does oh what's the name again Jeannie
Jeannie I don't know the name of
everybody you know me since I don't know
I don't know I know her since I don't
know my mommy's little kid the fazendo
half g Oh a silligan OVO come show me
see who comes as the hill what then what
was the name of the river hey although
or the name of the river how they're
what's the name of the river Yakima
River the Yakima River ok I'm doing a
movie what damp with me happy five hours
something like that five hours 18.5
files and put inside their lives we were
loop to take outside up here on Rosa
damps 18.5 my life 18.5 miles and
kilometers would be like 10 kilometer is
something like that no eight more come
on board no no far is more no bail very
clever fine dirty girl under 13
kilometers they're leading 30 keyloggers
green but you seem like you long after
its wits far you know I mean the
keel of Masada and it's sunny about 190
yeah yeah keep my AMA garbage harbert
down for a mom say hi to your mom where
my cows amiga the fuzziness cerca de
paquita may as I the seeker I just Obama
here Scott Scott I became is wanna harm
as I say we gotta pony too I got it on
me chaotic you view Tao look at that was
breakfast the breakfast was pretty great
like the food no the food was great it
was a little coat today thanks during
the melon breathing this morning it was
freezing this was there was good now
it's hot like
now it's I don't know like 30 degrees
Celsius now let me go down a semi system
anything with an open them let's get
slave njoy reg pick fights for pics well
my side of it all right oh my sis oh you
guys careful with oh oh that's the
camera let's see see what happened to
people that doesn't take care of their
camera happens but they have money to
buy another one item I'll come into that
shine the key I come to that change what
no I'm in the middle of the
movie like a waiver we're doing that see
see now why sometimes I get mad hey
opening advantage seafood my eyes I
saitama kamaria Bravo Lewis Compeyson
ketchup in Canaan they go see a doctor
bountiful my zune maestro financial ah
yes I